
This package contains the trace reading library and trace viewing tools for
the new Linux Trace Toolkit trace format. The associated kernel files to
generate the new traces are not yet included. In the meantime, a converter
from the old trace format to the new is provided. For more detailed information
see doc/developer/index.html

* Compiling

Some development libraries are needed for compiling :

gtk 2 development libraries (libgtk2.0, libgtk2.0-dev)
glib 2 development libraries (libglib2.0-0, libglib2.0-dev)
libpopt development libraries (libpopt0, libpopt-dev)
libpango development libraries (libpango1.0, libpango1.0-dev)

To compile the source tree from a tarball, simply follow these steps :

- run ./configure
- make
- make install

After running ./configure, you can also go in specific subdirectories and
use make, make install.


* Quick Start

- Create a trace
- Convert it
- Run ./lttv -m guievents -m guicontrolflow -m guievents -t path_to_trace


* Source Tree Structure

This is a sample of the suggested tree for Linux Trace Toolkit.

ltt: new trace format reading library (and converter).
README: This file.
debian: debian config files (currently empty).
doc:    Documentation.
doc/user:      User related documentation.
doc/developer: Developer related documentation.
kernel: Linux Trace Toolkit kernel code (currently empty).
lttd:   Linux Trace Toolkit daemon (currently empty).
lttv:   Linux Trace Toolkit trace analysis tool and viewer.
lttv/modules:  Linux Trace Toolkit analysis tool and viewer plugin modules.
specs:  RPM config files (currently empty).


* The rest of the tools

You must use the lastest versions of patches for the Linux Kernel. That includes
relayfs and ltt patches, available on the ltt-dev mailing list at
http://www.listserv.shafik.org/pipermail/ltt-dev/. You will find there the
lastest version of the trace daemon that must be used to create the traces. (in
the TraceToolkit package)

Once your traces are created, you must use the convert tool to create a trace in
the proper format from them.


* For Developers

This source tree is based on the autotools suite from GNU to simplify
portability. Here are some things you should have on your system in order to
compile the subversion repository tree :


GNU autotools (automake-1,7, autoconf2.50, autoheader2.50)
(make sure your system wide "automake" points to version 1.7!)
GNU Libtool
(for more information, go to http://www.gnu.org/software/autoconf/)

If you get the tree from the repository, you will need to use the autogen.sh
script. It calls all the GNU tools needed to prepare the tree configuration.



Mathieu Desnoyers 
